ComfyUI is a tool to make creative workflows used by professionals in the media and entertainment space.
Most of the tools out there right now sort of treat AI models as a black box and something where you have to learn how to prompt.
We believe since the beginning that there is a better way with open source models.
You can within a very graphic environment combine different models' components together for the highest level of control and quality
that you can get out of generative AI.
It really is the tool that's pushing the boundaries of creative work with AI.
ComfyUI has the most number of models and toolkits and ultra-level of controllability.
It's a tool used by Hollywood studios to create videos, advertising agencies to create images.
It can be used in any creative field.
One huge benefit of working at Comfy is being energized by the community around Comfy
and that includes people within Comfy.
So everyone is using the product and that way you can connect with the product on a deeper level.
A lot of our initiatives, whether they're business initiatives or features, are driven by engineers who kind of see, you know,
this is something that I think could be really valuable.
So we have engineers really not just, you know, implementing the tasks they are assigned, but driving the product forward.
Designing for ComfyUI is one very challenging and second super exciting.
Nothing has been defined yet, so you will be at the frontier inventing new standards and patterns.
Our culture has proven to be very transparent.
The entire source code of this company is also open towards our employees.
My goal is to make open source win.
There are only a few companies who are trying to be the next generation of creative tooling,
but I think we're the only one where if we win, everyone wins.
We don't know what the future exactly looks like, but we are building that future.
We hire really smart, hardworking people and give them the freedom to solve really difficult problems.
So if that sounds like you, I think you would be very successful and happy here.